So now that we have instead press what will start with commerce commerce.
So we are going to curriculum prudence in that new info.
How do you make assets for Wu Gomer's the world all the.
M..
So the original concept will come right.
Then we click it on install now.
So we're going to activate the program.
We installed the plugin then active with the plugin.
Once the plane is activated it's going to open this and this is called the wheezer.
Maybe sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.
So let me if you have this screen you can leave this open in the case that it didn't do anything and
we're now open again.
It'll be out mean and from here you can find these woodland that is grown there settled without.
So click here and it's going to up in the hour.
Sometimes it works and once you activate the plan to open the door with and sometimes it doesn't work
really well.
So if you are going to ask where your store is going to be based.
So I'm from Mexico City and you know Mexico rescue you out there had it is in the US.
In the case I read for example you are learning CAVU will commers work and you can have any data.
So let me add something like and some other is right here in the CD and so they stayed.
So I'm going to feel these values I'm going to have our other poster go from here.
You can see we have what currency do you accept payments.
So for example we can have United State Dollars or a Ross or Mexican or something like that is something
that is really important.
So for example if you add a United State Dollars in them for example you switch to another currency
you have to update all the products that you have in your store to match the new prices for the new
currency.
One quick example for example if you're selling broke of $100 and then you switch the Mexican peso what
Commerce is going to charge one Mexican pesos.
So you need to update the values.
Something really important.
So I'm going to use United State Dollars as a kid you can select if you want to sell a physical brokes
something like furniture or something like fridge or something like that.
Or if you want to sell little brokes maybe emerges out our the wars movies or PBS something that is
digital.
You can outsource a check only for physical products or only for Deedat blokes.
In my case and going to show you how to create physical and the adult products for you to start sort
of like the first one and then going and check these value.
So let me get it on let's go.
So this is going to happen the next step in the interview with her right here you can Selek which payment
options you are going to set in this case Paypal is going to be added and let me check this one because
I I'm not going to be adding people I can get.
I'm going to show you CO-2 out a PayPal in the upcoming medias and you can also select of late payments.
So for example someone can pay you with a check but also send you the money through the bank or out
so they can pay in person so you can so enable these so you can see this is going to install de-friend
Bruijn so you don't continue in the case that you don't want to support of land payment.
You can check they are their bodies.
So next we have their shipping.
So let's say that someone places an order this is how or how much you are going to charge for the shipping.
There are two different options.
Flat rate or free shipping in flat rate.
So for example someone buys a television you are going to charge for example $20 for the shipping.
Thats a flat rate.
The other option in some stores offer something like this is free shipping.
So for example you buy the television and they are going to send a television for free so you have to
decide if are going to charge a flat rate income much.
And so if you're going to support a free shipping this is great for Mexico because a added store in
Mexico.
For example let's say that you are selling something to another country you cannot for example a flat
rate of guilty or something like that.
And will commerce.
For example let's say you want to sell only in your country you can disable that option in the options
that we have.
Once we finish installing recovers so we can recover also the units for weight and for dimensions.
For example a phone carrier can decide which weight units are going to be display for the probe information.
For example if we're selling a really big brokes something like TVs or something like furniture or 3H
or something maybe you want to have kilogrammes or or if you're in the United States you cannot bounce
if you are selling as Marlboro.
Maybe you want to use grams or ounces.
So this is something you going to be really important because if you are libe rate Lujan for example
let's say that you if someone buys a fridge the shipping for a fridge is going to be more expensive
than the shipping for television because they fridge weights more.
So these values are going to be something important something that the pollution that you enable is
going to read to give you the proper rate when when you add something like that.
So let me ask you know around in this case and that's so cavalierly mentions is same as the last option
if you're selling something really big you can that is meter or centimeters or millimeters.
If you are in United State you cannot inchers or you are saying make is and we're not just for these
and.
If you don't continue.
And then we kept some recommended options.
We're going to be using a storefront for the rest of this course.
ASTOLFO is by far the best team that you can Easterlin in your Commerce's store is a team that is the
block by the creators of Commerce.
It's really fast really easy to customize and it's really powerful.
So we're going to check these if you have a matching account.
You can also make.
So let me click on continue then we get back I'm going to skip this because I'm not really a big fan
of yet.
I'm going to show you a cold blooded back in upcoming videos but not yet.
And for Archita we have the D-N.
And when I clicked on create uprose So this is going to open the way that you can create a product.
So we have products right here you can see we have these new option is what's in there is going to be
created when we when we install new comers I'm going to show you how everything works into this screen
right here.
You can see this sign you're a star.
So I'm going to check the second option but I'm going to keep these when I check.
So let me let's go and this is going to create some templates that Astolfo will need.
Let me go back to appearance and we're now Pentiums because the next we're going to be using it 20:17
So let me activities.
So basically in the next 10 years we're going to use 20:17 because I'm going to show you how to create
brokes and everything then we're going to activate it again and I'm going to show you how to customize
Astolfo for the rest of the course.